these are the new sound core space one
Pro headphones and there's five things
they've done with them that just make
too much sense so first up fold fold
this is how you carry them thanks to the
company's own flexi curve structure and
then this is how they fit into the case
which the company is currently giving
for free with them this is the best
battery life that I've ever seen like
just guess how much you get out of 5
minutes of charging half an hour an hour
nope 8 hours and then when they're fully
charged you get 40 hours and that's with
noise cancellation on as soon as you
turn that off 60 hours that noise
cancellation you might know that topend
headphones use microphones to listen to
the surrounding noise and then send out
the opposite sound wave to neutralize it
these have six microphones to do that
with and very good noise cancellation
because of it and five these are like a
pillow on your head thanks to the slow
rebound firm they're constructed with
Amazon Link in the description